# Intellligent-Garnage-Transportation-System
This project proposed a new intelligent smart system for garbage transportation to get rid of Garbage problems and how to transport it underground in modern ways, as it is one of the main causes that harm the environment and cause many diseases, and the project is also looking for ways to take advantage of the This garbage as an important source of national income. By collecting garbage from all sub-streets in the city and transporting it to one main place automatically where it takes it gigs of it afterward. By making tunnels with a width of 100 cm and a depth of 150 cm under the ground, which includes the utility network (electricity - communications - gas - water) and also includes a system for transporting garbage beside the road. As he will put in these tunnels' conveyor belts through motors whose function is to transport the garbage to one main place (a large public bin) where there will be open trash cans from the bottom connected to these belts, as they pour garbage onto the belts for transportation. These baskets will be found at every sub-street to facilitate the population. Where this project will be controlled through a central control room located in every neighborhood or city. It has a software system consisting of two devices (inverter, PLC) that determines the speed of the motors connected to the belts that transport garbage by calculating the garbage production rate for each city or through manual control if pressure occurs in the density of garbage at some time. Also, there will be a sensor in the public garbage bin to determine Whether the box is full or not, as the information is sent via GSM to the control room, and then the specialist is contacted It has a software system consisting of two devices (inverter, PLC) that determines the speed of the motors connected to the belts that transport garbage by calculating the garbage production rate for each city or through manual control if pressure occurs in the density of garbage at some time. Also, there will be a sensor in the public garbage bin to determine Whether the box is full or not, as the information is sent via GSM to the control room, and then the specialist is contacted.
Prepared by عبدالله محمد سليمان محمد طارق عبدالمنعم احمد حسن دسوقي اسلام عصام حسني طارق احمد محمد عبدالرحمن سعيد حسن كريم سعيد عبدالله مارك ماجد اديب Assistant Eng. Marwa El-Enany Supervised by Dr. Noha Ramadan
